hello everyone it's that famous welcome
to this last video of the let's build a
futuristic house series so this is not
really a building apart or episode note
this is the last video of the series and
in this video I'm going to do a flight
through of the video so this is just a
video in which I'm going to show the
house have some cool shots or at least
that's what I hope and also I would
really like to thank you for watching
this series I really really enjoyed
making this series and I think many of
you also enjoy watching it at the moment
I'm recording this I think the first
part or I had 6,000 views and the other
parts also are around 2,000 views of
things so that's great and also I got
many good comments on that of you saying
that you liked it and also that you had
tips which I always really liked so um
thanks for watching the video and I hope
you enjoy the rest of it bye